Exotic animals contained in cages sealed with runic locks that glisten and spark with magic. The beasts within watch your movement, some passively while others aggressively claw at you.
A stand with a singular, large tome that hovers an inch or so above it, gently oscillating in every different direction. A floating red quill pen and a glowing inkwell hover beside it, the pen occasionally dipping itself and writing in the book.
There is a stone pedestal holding an unusual reflective, silver liquid inside. There are six vials placed besides it, each a different color: red, blue, green, yellow, black, and white.
A half-finished free-standing archway with large runic inscriptions etched into stone and accented with gold. A hammer and chisel rest on one side, uncarved dark grey stone blocks on the other.
A floating sphere of water with various marine life floats without any visible container. Occasionally, the fish within the orb change colors.
A suit of armor stands stationary with weapons drawn. Like an old TV with poor connection, it flickers and artifacts as it stands there. A circle of runes on the floor around the armor glows. 
A rug lies on the floor with ever shifting patterns seemingly converging inwards. It’s frilled edges seem to “float” around in the air, as if submerged in water.
A large, gilded chest with glowing words hovering above without a clear source. The text reads “Very cool, magical wizard tools stored inside. Do not think about taking this stuff!”
A double spiral staircase with the top visible. It seems to lead only back to the other staircase. One side has a sign that reads “Enter only” and the other side has an “exit only sign.”
A large table with six chairs. In front of five of the chairs are sheets of paper and strange geometric shapes, while the sith one at the head of the table has a small three-part divider, several books, and strange figurines.
A small table with two glasses that have strange, glowing, bubbly liquids inside. A note on the table reads “don’t drink from the taller glass.” They both seem to be identical in size and shape.